<!-- span class="content-title"> How UDID network works</span -->
## How UDID network works  
  1. UDID network is a web3 naming network, UDID network is a complete set of naming protocols; UDID network provides users with a simple set of production top-level names, and a complete set of protocols for operating their own secondary names.  
  2. The top-level name in the UDID network is generated by the top-level name contract. After minting the top-level name, users can start the sale of the second-level name, and allow users to implement differential pricing for the second-level name (according to the length of the name).  
  3. The UDID network allows users to use different payment methods to sell secondary names; the current goerli test network supports FUSDT, FUSDC, FSOL, and GETH for test sales.   
  4. The UDID network allows users to use signatures to sell secondary names, and top-level name holders can use the signature minting interface to conduct complex marketing behaviors.      
  5. The UDID network provides a complete set of name mapping protocols. Anyone who holds the name of any UDID network protocol can map their name to their commonly used addresses. The currently supported mapping addresses include eht, btc, ipv4, etc..    
  6. The UDID network provides a multi-signature management account asset capability. After multi-signature management is enabled, operating income requires authorization from multiple accounts to withdraw the income, which improves the security of the operator's account.    
  7. Any DID minted in the UDID network is also an NFT and supports the transfer of NFTs in NFT exchanges.  
  8. After the name users in the UDID network are minted and expired, they will be renewed by other users and transferred to the paying users.  
  9. If you want to develop your own secondary name minting and selling, you can download our contract ABI from the following address.   
     https://github.com/dnsdao
